[MM-53066] Improve documentation on STUN configuration servers usage for calls (#6454)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/calls-deployment.rst

Are there any third-party services involved?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The only external service used is Mattermost official STUN server (``stun.global.calls.mattermost.com``) which is configured as default. This is primarily used to find the public address of the Mattermost instance if none is provided through the |ice_host_override_link| option. The only information sent to this service is the IP addresses of clients connecting as no other traffic goes through it. It can be removed in case the |ice_host_override_link| setting is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only external service used is a Mattermost official STUN server (``stun.global.calls.mattermost.com``) which is configured as default. This is primarily used to find the public address of the Mattermost instance if none is provided through the |ice_host_override_link| option. The only information sent to this service is the IP addresses of clients connecting as no other traffic goes through it. It can be removed in cases where the |ice_host_override_link| setting is provided.
```

Author: Thanks!
